Add ClientConfiguration Push upon connect (#79)
perun-network/erdstall: README.md

## Getting started

> If you wish to enable TLS support for the websocket connection, go to
> `demo/config.json`, and set the fields `KeyFile` to the TLS private key file
> path, and `CertFile` to the TLS certificate file path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to enable TLS support for the websocket connection, set the fields `KeyFile` to the TLS private key file
path, and `CertFile` to the TLS certificate file path in your configuration json file.
```
This is a general documentation about the configuration file, not specific to file `demo/config.json`. Maybe also put it in a separate sub section further down `### Configuration file`. Also mention that the configuration file can be specified for the op with cmdline flag `-config config.json`.
